docs/pages/advanced/savetime.rst, before:

.. |howalepworks| image:: ../../_static/images/pages/advanced/savetime/howalepworks_600x711.gif
    :alt: How it works

.. |simplepresets| image:: ../../_static/images/pages/advanced/savetime/simplepresets_510x470.gif
    :alt: How it works

=========
Save Time
=========

Presets
=======

BakeMaster allows saving Settings Presets for everything.

Simple Presets
--------------

Save the settings of any addon's panel.

|simplepresets|

.. raw:: html

    <div class="slideshow" id="slideshow-0">
        <div class="content-wrapper">
            <div class="content row active">
                <img src="../../_static/images/pages/advanced/savetime/0_simplepresets_fullmaps.png" alt="Full Maps Preset">
                <div class="slideshow-description">
                    <b>Full Maps Preset</b>
                    <p>This preset will remove all current maps and add saved maps to the table with their settings. You can save, for example, 5 maps that you always bake fully configured and save time not adding them one by one.</p>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div class="content row">
                <img src="../../_static/images/pages/advanced/savetime/1_simplepresets_map.png" alt="Map Preset">
                <div class="slideshow-description">
                    <b>Map Preset</b>
                    <p>This preset will save and load settings only for the current active map in the table.</p>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="footer">
            <a class="prev" onclick="slideshow_setSlideByRelativeId('slideshow-0', -1)" onselectstart="return false">&#10094;</a>
            <div class="controls">
                <span class="dot active" onclick="slideshow_setSlideByAbsoluteId('slideshow-0', 0)"></span>
                <span class="dot inactive" onclick="slideshow_setSlideByAbsoluteId('slideshow-0', 1)"></span>
            </div>
            <a class="next" onclick="slideshow_setSlideByRelativeId('slideshow-0', 1)" onselectstart="return false">&#10095;</a>
        </div>
    </div>

Advanced Presets
----------------

.. todo:: Image showing how to access the Full Object Preset.

**Full Object Preset** can load all settings at once for one object, or the ones you specified.

.. todo:: Slideshow of gifs showing full object preset's execution controls.

Apply Lastly Edited Setting
===========================

Sometimes, you can have many maps or objects, and there's one specific setting you need to be similar. It's always possible to click a couple of times to set it, but BakeMaster has a cool feature to save you time: ``Apply Lastly Edited Setting`` located in the Bake panel.

|howalepworks|

Commit message:

add: advanced presets, savetime page is ready

docs/pages/advanced/savetime.rst, after:

.. |howalepworks| image:: ../../_static/images/pages/advanced/savetime/howalepworks_600x711.gif
    :alt: How it works

.. |simplepresets| image:: ../../_static/images/pages/advanced/savetime/simplepresets_510x470.gif
    :alt: How it works

.. |wherefullobjectpreset| image:: ../../_static/images/pages/advanced/savetime/wherefullobjectpreset_360x240.png
    :alt: How to access the Full Object Preset

.. |fullobjectspreset| image:: ../../_static/images/pages/advanced/savetime/fullobjectspreset_600x593.gif
    :alt: Full Object Preset

=========
Save Time
=========

Presets
=======

BakeMaster allows saving Settings Presets for everything.

Simple Presets
--------------

Save the settings of any addon's panel.

|simplepresets|

.. raw:: html

    <div class="slideshow" id="slideshow-0">
        <div class="content-wrapper">
            <div class="content row active">
                <img src="../../_static/images/pages/advanced/savetime/0_simplepresets_fullmaps.png" alt="Full Maps Preset">
                <div class="slideshow-description">
                    <b>Full Maps Preset</b>
                    <p>This preset will remove all current maps and add saved maps to the table with their settings. You can save, for example, 5 maps that you always bake fully configured and save time not adding them one by one.</p>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div class="content row">
                <img src="../../_static/images/pages/advanced/savetime/1_simplepresets_map.png" alt="Map Preset">
                <div class="slideshow-description">
                    <b>Map Preset</b>
                    <p>This preset will save and load settings only for the current active map in the table.</p>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
        <div class="footer">
            <a class="prev" onclick="slideshow_setSlideByRelativeId('slideshow-0', -1)" onselectstart="return false">&#10094;</a>
            <div class="controls">
                <span class="dot active" onclick="slideshow_setSlideByAbsoluteId('slideshow-0', 0)"></span>
                <span class="dot inactive" onclick="slideshow_setSlideByAbsoluteId('slideshow-0', 1)"></span>
            </div>
            <a class="next" onclick="slideshow_setSlideByRelativeId('slideshow-0', 1)" onselectstart="return false">&#10095;</a>
        </div>
    </div>

Advanced Presets
----------------

|wherefullobjectpreset|

**Full Object Preset** can load all settings at once for one object, or the ones you specified. With that preset, you can save settings from all panels, including all added maps.

|fullobjectspreset|

Apply Lastly Edited Setting
===========================

Sometimes, you can have many maps or objects, and there's one specific setting you need to be similar. It's always possible to click a couple of times to set it, but BakeMaster has a cool feature to save you time: ``Apply Lastly Edited Setting`` located in the Bake panel.

|howalepworks|
